1. Iran leader says US gained nothing from strikes as Hegseth hails 'historic success'
2. Iran carries out wave of arrests and executions in wake of Israel conflict
3. Rising school fees push Indian families to the brink
4. Brad Pitt's Los Angeles home 'ransacked', police say
5. Nike says Trump tariffs could raise its costs by $1bn
6. Iran carries out wave of arrests and executions in wake of Israel conflict
7. BBC inside Iran state building hit by Israeli missile strike
8. Israeli strike at Gaza market kills 18 Palestinians, doctor and witnesses say
9. Japan executes 'Twitter killer' who murdered nine
10. Rising school fees push Indian families to the brink
11. Watch: Stars arrive in Venice for Jeff Bezos wedding
12. Anna Wintour stepping back as US Vogue's editor-in-chief
13. Watch: Bear blocks runway forcing flight cancellations at airport in Japan
14. Canada passes law fast-tracking 'nation building' projects to counter Trump
15. 'He doesn't take no for an answer': Prosecutor gives closing arguments in Sean 'Diddy' Combs trial
16. More to explore
17. Migrant crackdown risks choking off critical supply of US workers
18. Weekly quiz: Who called Donald Trump 'daddy'?
19. Rama Duwaji: Who is the wife of NYC mayor candidate Zohran Mamdani?
20. Are East African governments uniting to silence dissent?
21. Sholay: Bollywood epic roars back to big screen after 50 years with new ending
22. Weekly quiz: Who called Donald Trump 'daddy'?
23. 'They brainwashed my son': the families of PKK fighters waiting for 40-year conflict to end
24. The woman who could bust Trump's 'big beautiful bill'
25. Rama Duwaji: Who is the wife of NYC mayor candidate Zohran Mamdani?
26. Most watched
27. Watch: Stars arrive in Venice for Jeff Bezos wedding
28. BBC inside Iran state building hit by Israeli missile strike
29. Watch: Bear blocks runway forcing flight cancellations at airport in Japan
30. Watch: Pentagon shows test footage of 'bunker busters' used in Iran
31. Watch: Man gets stuck driving car down Rome's Spanish Steps
32. Also in news
33. Astronaut becomes first Indian to set foot on ISS
34. Misogyny is an epidemic fuelled by social media, Amy Hunt tells BBC in first interview
35. Three Palestinians killed during Israeli settler attack on West Bank village
36. Sabrina Carpenter reveals new album art after outcry
37. BBC website in US launches paid subscription service
38. Misogyny is an epidemic fuelled by social media, Amy Hunt tells BBC in first interview
39. Ukrainian forces halt Russian advance in Sumy region, says army chief
40. Crush kills 29 pupils taking exams after blast in Central Africa
41. Three Palestinians killed during Israeli settler attack on West Bank village
42. Most read
43. Iran carries out wave of arrests and executions in wake of Israel conflict
44. Japan executes 'Twitter killer' who murdered nine
45. US gained nothing from strikes, Iran's supreme leader says
46. Brad Pitt's Los Angeles home 'ransacked', police say
47. Rising school fees push Indian families to the brink
48. Egyptian man kicks customs dog airborne at Washington DC airport
49. The woman who could bust Trump's 'big beautiful bill'
50. Rama Duwaji: Who is the wife of NYC mayor candidate Zohran Mamdani?
51. Pornhub to introduce 'government approved' age checks in UK
52. Nike says Trump tariffs could raise its costs by $1bn
53. Sport
54. Man City put five past Juventus in Club World Cup
55. The end of one of football's great full-back duos - where do they rank?
56. 'It's a long, long time since we played like that' - are Man City back?
57. GB No 33 Tarvet reaches Wimbledon - why will he not get full prize money?
58. Kipyegon fails in bid to be first woman to run sub-four-minute mile
59. The end of one of football's great full-back duos - where do they rank?
60. Head and Webster dig in to slow West Indies charge
61. 'Same passion, same dream' - Ronaldo signs new Al-Nassr deal
62. 'It's a long, long time since we played like that' - are Man City back?
63. Follow BBC on:
